Update contents in CHANGELOG.md according to doc team requirements (#6942)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hiptensor/CHANGELOG.md

Full documentation for hipTensor is available at [rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hiptensor](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hipTensor/en/latest/index.html).

## Since last release ROCm 7.12

### Added

> * Added support for Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added Windows support.
```

Author: Changed it, thanks

> * Added support for contractions with both data and compute types FP16 and BF16 for gfx11 and gfx12 targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added contraction support with FP16 and BF16 data and compute types for gfx11 and gfx12 targets.
```

Author: Changed it, thanks

* Added support for the following new GPU targets:
  * gfx11: gfx1100, gfx1101, gfx1102, gfx1103, gfx1150, gfx1151, gfx1152, gfx1153.
  * gfx12: gfx1200, gfx1201.

> * Added unary element-wise operators to contraction, including new BilinearUnary class, dedicated instances, samples, and tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added unary element-wise operators to contraction, including the new `BilinearUnary` class, dedicated instances, samples, and tests.
```

Author: Changed it, thanks

> * Added Dockerfiles (prebuilt and fullbuild) and documentation to streamline setting up a hipTensor build environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added Dockerfiles (prebuilt and full build) and documentation to streamline hipTensor build environment setup. 
```

Author: Changed it, thanks

> * Added CREATE_TEST_APP_LOCAL_DEPLOY CMake option for staging required ROCm DLLs on Windows and updated Windows build documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `CREATE_TEST_APP_LOCAL_DEPLOY` CMake option to stage required ROCm DLLs on Windows, and updated the Windows build documentation accordingly.
```

Author: Changed it, thanks

### Changed
* Replaced numeric UID-based actor-critic kernel lookup with platform-stable string-based kernel name comparison to enable cross-platform compatibility.

> * Adopted FNV-1a hashing for strings in place of std::hash to ensure plan cache files are portable across platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adopted FNV-1a string hashing in place of `std::hash` to ensure plan cache files are portable across platforms.
```

Author: changed it, thanks

> * Switched to ROCm-provided CMake install functions (rocm_export_targets) for consistency with other ROCm libraries. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Switched to ROCm-provided CMake install functions (`rocm_export_targets`) for consistency with other ROCm libraries. 
```

Author: changed it, thanks

> * Adapted hipTensor to CK namespace changes for host_tensor functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adapted hipTensor to CK namespace changes for `host_tensor` functions.
```

Author: changed it, thanks

> * Cleaned up rtest script formatting and removed invalid run commands from rtest.xml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cleaned up `rtest` script formatting and removed invalid run commands from `rtest.xml`.
```

Author: changed it, thanks

### Removed

> * Removed legacy .jenkins folder since CI migrated to rocjenkins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the legacy `.jenkins` folder since CI migration to rocJenkins.
```

Author: changed it, thanks

### Optimized
* Improved column-major contraction performance by applying CK-style stride reordering for column-major inputs.

> * Achieved 2x–3x speedup in contraction TFlops/s by using switch-case dispatch in HiptensorUnaryOp instead of static table lookup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Achieved 2x–3x speedup in contraction TFLOPS/s by using switch-case dispatch in `HiptensorUnaryOp` instead of static table lookup.
```

Author: changed it, thanks

### Resolved issues

> * Fixed use-after-free bug where hiptensorCreatePlan held dangling pointers to user-provided descriptors; the plan now deep-copies all descriptors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed use-after-free bug where `hiptensorCreatePlan` held dangling pointers to user-provided descriptors; the plan now deep-copies all descriptors.
```

Author: changed it, thanks

> * Fixed incorrect BF16 results in contraction with unary ops caused by silent bhalf_t-to-float integer promotion in cross-type overloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed incorrect BF16 results in contraction with unary ops caused by silent `bhalf_t`-to-float integer promotion in cross-type overloads.
```

Author: changed it, thanks

### Known issues 

> * Unary operations in contraction are not currently supported with HIPTENSOR_ALGO_ACTOR_CRITIC plan for problems with a both F16 datatypes and compute types, or both BF16 datatypes and compute types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unary operations in contraction are not currently supported with `HIPTENSOR_ALGO_ACTOR_CRITIC` for problems with both F16 datatypes and compute types, or both BF16 datatypes and compute types.
```

Author: changed it

### Upcoming changes

> * Trinary contraction support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for trinary contraction.
```

Author: changed it

Full documentation for hipTensor is available at [rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hiptensor](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/hipTensor/en/latest/index.html).

## Since last release ROCm 7.12

### Added
* Added support for contractions with both data and compute types FP16 and BF16 for gfx11 and gfx12 targets.
* Added support for the following new GPU targets:
  * gfx11: gfx1100, gfx1101, gfx1102, gfx1103, gfx1150, gfx1151, gfx1152, gfx1153.
  * gfx12: gfx1200, gfx1201.
* Added unary element-wise operators to contraction, including new BilinearUnary class, dedicated instances, samples, and tests.

> * Added Actor-Critic model IDs for contraction instances with unary ops, including FP16 and BF16 compute types on MI300X and Navi4x.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Isn't this line included in the line above? Should it be kept in the log?

Author: Removed it.

* Added Dockerfiles (prebuilt and fullbuild) and documentation to streamline setting up a hipTensor build environment. 
* Added CREATE_TEST_APP_LOCAL_DEPLOY CMake option for staging required ROCm DLLs on Windows and updated Windows build documentation.

> 

Reviewer 2: Can you add a new item here?

```suggestion
* Added support for Windows.

```

Author: Added it.

### Changed
* Replaced numeric UID-based actor-critic kernel lookup with platform-stable string-based kernel name comparison to enable cross-platform compatibility.
* Adopted FNV-1a hashing for strings in place of std::hash to ensure plan cache files are portable across platforms.
* Switched to ROCm-provided CMake install functions (rocm_export_targets) for consistency with other ROCm libraries. 

> * Changed default installation path to /opt/rocm instead of /usr/local.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

This line isn't correct. You can remove it.

Author: Removed it.

* Adapted hipTensor to CK namespace changes for host_tensor functions.
* Extended CK GetTypeString() from 13 to 17 template parameters to produce unique strings for all contraction kernel layout variants.

> * Fixed CK CMake to properly build HIPTENSOR_REQ_LIBS_ONLY targets when used alongside MIOPEN_REQ_LIBS_ONLY.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
These two lines are more of changes in CK than hipTensor. I'd remove from the Changelog.

Author: Removed these two lines.

> * Applied HIPTENSOR_UNARY_INLINE to individual helper functions instead of switch_op to prevent AMDGPU compiler backend crashes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This issue was introduced and fixed within the same release, so there is no need to include in the changelog.

Author: Removed it.

* Cleaned up rtest script formatting and removed invalid run commands from rtest.xml.

### Removed
* Removed legacy .jenkins folder since CI migrated to rocjenkins.

> * Removed unused printArgs debug methods from the Hash utility class.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-
```
I'm not sure we need to include these two items, since they are small internal details.

Author: I’ll keep the first one. While the modification was simple, it’s still worth keeping for archival purposes.

### Optimized
* Improved column-major contraction performance by applying CK-style stride reordering for column-major inputs.
* Achieved 2x–3x speedup in contraction TFlops/s by using switch-case dispatch in HiptensorUnaryOp instead of static table lookup.

### Resolved issues
* Fixed use-after-free bug where hiptensorCreatePlan held dangling pointers to user-provided descriptors; the plan now deep-copies all descriptors.
* Fixed incorrect BF16 results in contraction with unary ops caused by silent bhalf_t-to-float integer promotion in cross-type overloads.
* Fixed AMDGPU compiler backend crash when HIPTENSOR_INLINE_UNARY_OPS is OFF.
* Fixed logger singleton duplication across DLL boundaries and file locking failures in logger_test on Windows.
* Fixed HIPTENSOR_ALGO_ACTOR_CRITIC plan selection failure on Windows caused by platform-dependent std::hash producing non-matching UIDs.
* Fixed incorrect stride check in reduction_test (.data() always non-null; replaced with .empty()).

> * Fixed test crashes and deadlocks on Windows caused by DLL unload ordering, incorrect DLL search paths, and uninitialized HIP runtime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
I recommend removing these lines, since these issues were detected and fixed within the same release (they were never present in a release).

Windows was not supported, so the Windows related fixed are actually included in the to be added "Add support to Windows" line.

Author: Removed these lines.

### Known issues

> * Unary operations in contraction are temporarily disabled for HIPTENSOR_R_16BF data type due to incorrect results caused by bhalf_t data type conversion in CK. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Wasn't this resolved already?

Author: Yes, it was resolved. Removed it.

> 

Reviewer 2: Could add this line:
```suggestion
* Unary operations in contraction are not currently supported with HIPTENSOR_ALGO_ACTOR_CRITIC plan for problems with a both F16 datatypes and compute types, or both BF16 datatypes and compute types.
```

Author: Added it.

### Upcoming changes

> * Trinary contraction support (decomposed as two sequential binary contractions on the hipTensor side).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Trinary contraction support.
```

Author: Removed the texts.

> * Plan cache cross-platform portability (enabled by FNV-1a hashing).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This change is already in.

Author: Removed it.
